README.md, before:

# Basic description
These are some prototype codes, which will be used in the follow-up software products. According 
algorithm simulation system is constructed at the same time.

## Development language
C/C++, Python

## Development platform
Visual Studio Code, Anaconda::Spyder

## Requirements and libraries:
| name         | version  |
|--------------|----------|
| python       | >=3.8.5  |
| C++          | >=c++11  |
| GCC          | >=7.5.0  |
| python-numpy | >=1.19.2 |
| Matplotlib   | >=3.3.2  |

## Basic functions :
1. Debug functions
2. Multiple modules for different functions, especially in numerical analysis and signal processing
3. Basic light-weighted data structure that is self-developed
4. Python algorithm simulation system

## License
MIT

## Change log
## 2021-06-24
Prepare to think about the software products and make decisions.

## 2021-07-20
Make the basic software structure work well.

## 2021-07-30
Total : 109 files,  19133 codes, 7836 comments, 5189 blanks, all 32158 lines<br>
Languages<br>
| language | files | code | comment | blank | total |
| :--- | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: |
| C++ | 88 | 17,937 | 7,689 | 5,044 | 30,670 |
| Python | 16 | 937 | 133 | 124 | 1,194 |
| Shell Script | 4 | 228 | 14 | 11 | 253 |
| Markdown | 1 | 31 | 0 | 10 | 41 |

## 2021-08-03
Reach the codes of 20K-LOC.

## 2021-10-31
Reach the codes of 100K-LOC.

Commit message:

start to develop omnet++ simulation

README.md, after:

# Basic description
These are some prototype codes, which will be used in the follow-up software products. According 
algorithm simulation system is constructed at the same time.

## Development language
C/C++, Python

## Development platform
Visual Studio Code, Anaconda::Spyder, OMNeT++

## Requirements and libraries:
| name         | version  |
|--------------|----------|
| python       | >=3.8.5  |
| C++          | >=c++11  |
| GCC          | >=7.5.0  |
| python-numpy | >=1.19.2 |
| Matplotlib   | >=3.3.2  |
| OMNeT++      | >=5.2.6  |
| Simu5G       | ==1.1.0  |
| INET         | ==4.2.5  |

## Basic functions :
1. Debug functions
2. Multiple modules for different functions, especially in numerical analysis and signal processing
3. Basic light-weighted data structure that is self-developed
4. Python algorithm simulation system
5. OMNeT++ based simulation system

## License
MIT

## Change log
## 2021-06-24
Prepare to think about the software products and make decisions.

## 2021-07-20
Make the basic software structure work well.

## 2021-07-30
Total : 109 files,  19133 codes, 7836 comments, 5189 blanks, all 32158 lines<br>
Languages<br>
| language | files | code | comment | blank | total |
| :--- | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: | ---: |
| C++ | 88 | 17,937 | 7,689 | 5,044 | 30,670 |
| Python | 16 | 937 | 133 | 124 | 1,194 |
| Shell Script | 4 | 228 | 14 | 11 | 253 |
| Markdown | 1 | 31 | 0 | 10 | 41 |

## 2021-08-11
Ready to develop the 5G simulator based on the OMNeT++-5.2.6, Simu5G-1.1.0.
